Please create the job coverletter now using the job description and the resume.   From William Collins
Dear Hiring Manager,

I am writing to express my interest in the position of VP Engineering, Core Services at Paramount+. I am excited about the opportunity to contribute my skills and experience to a team that values software exemplifying simplicity of design, maintainability, extensibility, and foundational robustness. I strongly believe that my 15+ years of experience leading global product, software/solutions development, and pre-sales engineering support teams, as well as my broad technology skillset, would make me a great fit for this position.

As you can see from my resume, I have a deep understanding of modern programming languages, platforms, and tools/code, including Python, C#, Java, Node, React, Flask, Django, FastAPI, GraphQL, Kafka, Sonar Cloud, DataDog, TeamCity, Cypress, PyTest, Jest, CircleCI, Kubernetes, New Relic, and Amazon CloudWatch. My experience in state-of-the-art SDLC methodologies, converged DevOps/AI/MLOps, CI/CD, Scrum, and Agile, and modern observability tooling, e.g., Prometheus, OpenTelemetry, and Grafana has helped me successfully manage and launch products and programs related to hardware, software, data, pre-sales, and service solutions for industries such as Insurance/Banking, Manufacturing, Marketing/Digital Agency/MarTech, Legal, FinTec Robo-Advisor, and Automated Business Processing.

Additionally, I possess strong leadership skills and am able to articulate a vision and effectively impart that vision to others. I have repeatedly guided global business strategies within both established and emerging organizations, and I have expertise in engineering organization, technical and professional transformation, and maturation. My talent for analyzing technology and market trends, and my experience in scaling and growing businesses, would help me make a valuable contribution to the Paramount+ team.

Thank you for considering my application. I look forward to the opportunity to further discuss my qualifications with you.

Sincerely,

William Collins
This is the resume:  Technology and Software Engineering Executive Management 15+ years’ success leading global product, software/solutions development, and pre-sales engineering support teams. Management | Web App Development | APIs | Cloud | AI Machine Learning | IoT | Sales Engineering Support | Innovation  Strategic/Innovative thinker.  Able to articulate vision - and effectively impart that vision to others. Hands-on, Transformational Leader with repeated success guiding global business strategy within both established and emerging organizations. Talent for managing and launching products and programs related to hardware, software, data, pre-sales, and service solutions. Expert presenter and business professional; able to forge solid relationships with strategic partners. Innovative manager skilled at building top-performing teams, analyzing technology and market trends; scaling and growing businesses. Also, excellence in Engineering Organization, Technical and Professional transformation, and maturation. Possesses a broad technology skillset but currently   focused on modern SaaS Web App Development, API, microservices technologies and implementations, Kubernetes/Containerization, DevOPs/AI/MLOps, SRE, AI/Machine Learning/NLP/Computer Vision, IoT/Edge/FOG computing.  Experience in Insurance/Banking, Manufacturing, Marketing/Digital Agency/MarTech, Legal, Manufacturing, FinTec Robo-Advisor and Automated Business Processing Industries and Applications including associated cloud service technologies and platforms: AWS, Azure, AWS, Oracle, GCP, Heroku, SaaS, PaaS, IaaS, and DaaS.  Deep understanding of modern programming languages, platforms and Dev, DevOps, AI/MLOps, SRE, Observability, Tools/code including but not limited to Python, C#, Java, Node, React, Flask, Django, FastAPI, GraphQL, Kafka, Sonar Cloud, DataDog, TeamCity, Cypress, PyTest, Jest, CircleCI, Kubernetes, New Relic, Amazon CloudWatch.  Experienced in state-of-the-art SDLC methodologies including converged DevOps/AI/MLOps, CI/CD, Scrum, and Agile, modern observability tooling e.g., Prometheus, OpenTelemetry, Grafana and physical deployments.  Big data platform and pipelines.   Highlights of Expertise •	Management: Global Technical Team Leadership (15+ years) •	Web App Development: SaaS and on-premise solutions •	Software Development, Architecture and Platforms/Frameworks •	RESTful APIs/Microservices/GraphQL •	Product, Program and Project Management 	•	SDLC/STLC - CI/CD, (Dev/ML) Ops, SRE, Kubernetes, Observability/Tooling, Test Automation  •	AI/Machine Learning - Computer Vision/Object Detection/Classification/NLP •	IoT/Edge IoT programming, embedded AI/ML, Sensors/Actuators  •	Technical Pre/Post-Sales Support
Thank you for providing me with your resume. Based on the job description and your experience, I would suggest highlighting your expertise in SaaS Web App Development, APIs, Cloud, Machine Learning, IoT, and Sales Engineering Support. You may also want to mention your experience in managing and launching products and programs related to hardware, software, data, pre-sales, and service solutions. Additionally, you should mention your experience in using modern programming languages, platforms and tools/code, including Python, C#, Java, Node, React, Flask, Django, FastAPI, GraphQL, Kafka, Sonar Cloud, DataDog, TeamCity, Cypress, PyTest, Jest, CircleCI, Kubernetes, New Relic, and Amazon CloudWatch. You can also mention your experience in state-of-the-art SDLC methodologies, including converged DevOps/AI/MLOps, CI/CD, Scrum, and Agile, and modern observability tooling, e.g., Prometheus, OpenTelemetry, and Grafana. I will create a customized cover letter for you that highlights these skills and experiences.
This is the Job Description: Paramount+, a direct-to-consumer digital subscription video on-demand and live streaming service from Paramount Global, combines live sports, breaking news, and a mountain of entertainment. The premium streaming service features an expansive library of original series, hit shows and popular movies across every genre from world-renowned brands and production studios, including BET, CBS, Comedy Central, MTV, Nickelodeon, Paramount Pictures and the Smithsonian Channel. The service is also the streaming home to unmatched sports programming, including every CBS Sports event, from golf to football to basketball and more, plus outstanding streaming rights for major sports properties, including some of the world’s biggest and most popular soccer leagues. Paramount+ also enables subscribers to stream local CBS stations live across the U.S. in addition to the ability to stream Paramount Streaming’s other live channels: CBSN for 24/7 news, CBS Sports HQ for sports news and analysis, and ET Live for entertainment coverage.  Truly premium content. At true scale. Only CBSi. CBS Interactive is the premier online content network for information and online operations of ViacomCBS as well as some of the top native digital brands in the entertainment industry. Our brands dive deep into the things people care about across entertainment, technology, news, games, business and sports. With over 1 billion users visiting our properties every quarter, we are a global top 10 web property and one of the largest premium content networks online. Check us out on The Muse to get an inside look into #LifeAtCBSi through employee testimonials, office photos and company updates.  DESCRIPTION: Division Overview: The team for Paramount+ is responsible for servicing Paramount Global’s premium online content around the world. We’re home to exclusive original shows and movie (Star Trek: Picard, Star Trek Discovery, The Good Fight, Yellow Jackets, Twilight Zone, Maverick) and also help millions of viewers consume and enjoy content across all of Paramount Global’s global brands (such as Nickelodeon, Comedy Central, Smithsonian, MTV, BET, etc).  ROLE DETAILS: We are looking for a VP Engineering, Core Services to lead our platform teams for Paramount+. We’re a team that values software exemplifying simplicity of design, maintainability, extensibility, and foundational robustness. The right candidate will be able to work in a fast-paced environment and has a strong grasp of groundbreaking languages and technologies.
Thank you for providing me with the job description. May I also have a copy of your resume, so that I can create a customized cover letter that highlights your skills and experiences?
create a job cover letter by using a job description and a resume
Sure, I can assist you with that. Can you please provide me with the job description and your resume, so I can use them to create a customized cover letter for you?